NthProject Installation and Setup

Creating the Database
-----------------------
1.	Create a mysql database using MySQL tools or tools provided by your hosting provider.
2.	Then log in to the database and run the following scripts:
	a.	install.sql
	b.	procedures.sql
		If you are installing view using phpmyadmin then you may need to comment out the delimiter command and set the delimiter to $$ using the phpmyadmin delimiter field.

Installing the website
-----------------------
1.	Edit Website/Alp/config/globals.php
	a.	Set the URLBase field to the address where the site will be located. This should be a full url like http://www.mysite.com or //servername/projectfolder.
	b.	Enable and disable the options that you wish to use in the UserSettings array
2.	Edit Website/Alp/config/database.php by entering the connection parameters for your database
3.	Upload the contents of the Website folder to your web server. 

Loading the Login Page
-----------------------
1.	In a browser load the site by entering the address that you set as the URLBase field in the globals.php file. You should see the login page. If you see a directory listing, if you get a 404 page not found error or if you do not see login page for some other reason make sure that your web server has .htaccess redirects enabled. This is a requirement.

Creating an Account
-----------------------
1.	Type “startup” in the email field. Do not enter a password. Then click the Sign In button.
2.	On the startup page enter the information for your initial administrative account and click the button to create the account.
3.	If the account creation is successful you should be logged to the NthProject home page.

Other Startup Activities
-----------------------
There are a few optional things that you may want to do to get started. These options can be found under the Supervisor or Project menus.
1.	If you have enabled multiple organizations you will probably want to enter some of those organizations now.
2.	Customize you list of user types.
3.	If you will have multiple users add the user accounts for those users.
4.	Customize your list of task statuses
5.	Create projects, project areas and project milestones (if you have enabled the milestones option).
6.	Assign users to projects and give them project rights.
7.	Begin creating tasks.
